So this video was all about creating in a custom four or four page sort of four or four pages where
you go when the pages and found soul essentially when you're a little bit lost on the website.
So if you go to the you are all of the top bar and we type in a unrecognized page to Charles a lot of
A's and then hit enter.
So this is the page that I've taken to solve but the word press loop arnson the by information which
is one of the backup templates but want something a little bit nicer and also maybe some options and
some links to get the user back on track.
So we go over to the text editor and as usual create a new page and say this page hours for all for
doppie HP.
And copied the page about.
And we use this as a base for our four or four page so I'll paste that in and save.
Change the template name at the top.
When a call is four or four page.
So refresh that.
So now we've got the A was template been used when we've found the four or four page soul versus long
list out in the featured text area.
Just Other little bit of texture so the user knows that they're lost and they need to get back on track.
So go to the functions doppie HP and then in the clauson Curly race after the title will add another
elsea statement.
But this time it's gonna be if the pages four or four.
Then the braces.
Okay.
So if the page is the four or four page which can equinix and text you put in whatever text you want
but I'm going to put woops.
We're a little lost.
Nancy that's work okay.
So Bill or problem let's check there and see what it is.
Misner semicolon off the end.
OK.
So now I got the text appear on there.
So one way to create is one and delete the sample text.
And then when a Cray for separate device which you're going to shows on links and the links are going
to be archived categories recent posts or by the tags when I put these links in with the widgets in
a similar kind of way to how I used on the side bar.
So go to the four or four template.
So instead of about us as the level to head in we're going to put some text in to say let's get back
on track.
So open up the P HP underscore akko.
Let's off of the HP The text is going to be.
Let's get back on track.
With a column at the end that's a problem.
First let's take a look.
Arko we just need cause we've used a single quotation.
We need to change the surrounding quotations to be doable.
And then we get a semicolon at the end.
So good.
Now we've got the let's get back on track level to head in.
So going can delete the sample text of the Lorem ipsum so delete the first paragraph.
Then also the second paragraph.
But keep the surround and roll will reuse up.
So going to create four separate divs for the widgets.
So add a div would a class the bootstrap class of call s n 6.
And then copy this div.
And paste and free more times.
So they've got four sections.
So we touched on widgets earlier on in the course in the sidebar section.
We can also use widgets in various parts of the site.
So let's add them in here.
So open up the HP.
And then to pull in the widget we use the underscore widget.
And then in brackets we use the name of the wager that we'll want to pull in.
And first of all to get the archives we used WP underscore widget underscore archives.
And then a semicolon at the end of the the categories is exactly the same boat and set of archives.
Eight categories.
And then we applied a link for recent posts.
So paste our own.
But this time in brackets it's wpe widgets.
Then recent posts are recent underscore posts.
And then to get a list of the available tags.
Instead of archives.
It's titled.
Tag underscore cloud and say that.
Then refresh the browser.
Okay it's a lot as though there's a problem with the recent posts.
Much needs to be recent.
So Remove the S off the end of there.
And there we go.
So now the user can now get back to a work and page by select and some of the links below.
By the way if you want to use any different widgets or different links you can find these in the code
x under the widget section.
You don't need to use a for the schoener.
So now that all work which one are a little bit stylin just make it fit in with the rest of the website.
So when I put the same one pixel border with the rounded corners round each of the four sections so
got to be style lot see assess.
There were three or four or four section.
So copy any of the comments then head right down to the bottom.
And when I make the comment to be these four or four page.
So the widgets got a class of widgets.
And keep the styling consistent we're gonna use the same styles as we used for the sidebar or the sidebar
modules.
So if you go off to the side bar section look for the sidebar modules class and then copy all these.
And then paces back in.
Insert a widget section so say that and take a look.
So when you.
Now that looks a lot better and it just looks a little bit odd with the box he's been on even heights.
So just to make that look a little bit better when I add a minimum height of three hundred pixels and
then refresher and I'll make sure that the sections with not much content takeable a little bit more
height.
So funk's are watchin And that's the end of all four or four page.